Job Description   Data Scientist - Manager of Experimentation    The Team:  The Digital Intelligence team turns the firm’s massive data into useful insights to deeply personalize the digital experience of our millions of customers. Whether it’s building a social media-style graph, optimizing ad targeting, recommending the most relevant hotels, or detecting fraudulent behavior, we work at the intersection of statistics, machine learning and engineering to tackle some of the most challenging and interesting problems you will find in digital banking, commerce and payment. Many companies claim that they have “big data”. We live and breathe it every day.   The ideal candidate is passionate about solving real-world problems. We are looking for those select few who thrive in a dynamic environment, have big ideas and goals, and believe in testing ideas rather than talking about them. They love building data products and production-grade models without needing an army of engineers, and love learning new skills along the way. They feel comfortable working with a diverse group of colleagues, e.g. designers, product managers, business analysts and engineers. You will be joining one of the most elite data science teams on Wall Street: several of us have worked at Internet and start-up companies before joining the team. You will work on some of the most fascinating and challenging problems, work with the most cutting edge technologies, and will enjoy what you do.    The role:  This role will focus on building a world-class experimentation program and collaborating with colleagues across the business to conceptualize, design, execute, and analyze A/B and multivariate tests. You will collaborate with a senior statistician in choosing and implementing the appropriate quantitative methods for a proprietary testing platform, and with engineering to develop the platform requirements and architecture. Analysis will include segmentation and behavioral studies to uncover opportunities and develop hypotheses, as well post-hoc analysis for deep understanding of experimental outcomes. This is an opportunity to work in a highly impactful, visible role that will be transformative to the business. The ideal candidate should be equally comfortable writing code,   choosing   statistical methods, and communicating business implications with a non-technical audience.   Qualifications   3+ years industry experience, including hands-on experience with A/B testing.   Masters in quantitative discipline required (Statistics, Physics, Applied Math, Engineering, Economics, Computer Science, Operations Research, or Computational Sciences), or Bachelors with comparable combination of coursework and industry experience.   Strong background in statistics, including experimental design and regression   modeling   . Candidates must have a strong foundation in the theoretical underpinnings and must be able to choose appropriate methods for solving a given problem, rather than using packages as a black box.   Must be able to write clean and concise code in at least one of the following: Python, Java, Scala. Our interview process includes writing some code to solve a problem on the whiteboard.   Experience with at least one online testing package required (Optimizley, Test and Target, Maxymiser, etc.)   Experience with web analytics software (Omniture, Google Analytics, etc.) -   knowledge of tagging/tracking is a plus.   Experience with a proprietary testing platform, or familiarity with open source testing platforms is a strong plus.   Familiarity with either Hadoop MapReduce or Apache Spark ecosystem of open-source tools and ML packages very desirable. We use these frameworks for our day-to-day data processing needs.   Familiarity with javascript, R, SQL\hive, is a strong plus.   You are curious, have a research mindset, love bringing logic and structure to loosely defined unstructured problems and ideas.   You hold yourself and your colleagues to a high bar, and take great pride in your attention to details. You inspire us to aim higher.   Job   Digital Intelligence   Primary Location   US-NY-New York-4 New York Plaza / 02324   Other Locations   US-CA-San Francisco-600 Harrison / 58150   Organization   CONSUMER & COMMUNITY BANKING   Schedule   Full-time   Job Type   Standard   Shift   Day Job   Corporate Brand   Chase