Position Summary  The Staff Data Scientist, Supply Chain Optimization will lead various projects that deliver future operational strategies across Walmart’s Global Supply Chain. The staff data scientist will be primarily responsible for leading advanced analytical modeling, simulation and optimization projects. He/she will support our strategic plans, and both create and implement strategic operational improvements to scale the business. This role is part of the Global Supply Chain Strategy & Analytics team – a think tank focused on improving all aspects of global supply chain from network design to inbound/outbound transportation and multi-channel initiatives by leveraging big data. This is a high impact and high visibility role within the organization with expectations to deliver immediate results.   Manage and execute entire projects from start to finish including cross-functional project management, data gathering and manipulation, analysis and modeling, and communication of insights and recommendations.   Demonstrate a high degree of originality and creativity when developing solutions to improve existing business processes within supply chain utilizing methods such as statistical analysis, multi-variant testing strategies and concepts, regression modeling and forecasting, and time series analysis.   Work independently to manage multiple projects at once while ensuring deadlines are met and data output is accurate and appropriate for the business. Must also be able to deal with ambiguity and make independent decisions about what data and approach is best for the task at hand.   Build scalable and complex supply chain models and processes to optimize supply chain strategies with goals to deliver excellent customer experience while balancing operating cost.    Potential projects can include:  Create models to analyze the supply chain network need to support future sales growth with scenario modeling capabilities to understand the sensitivity to multiple variables; provide insight to Logistics executives on opening, closing, or repurposing DCs; analyze impact to multiple networks simultaneously; and create scenario analyses extending beyond the five-year modeling horizon.   Develop optimization logic and tool to determine truckload lane strategy for outbound transportation balancing cost and SLA requirements.   Develop logic and tool to determine optimal share of volume to process in various customer buying channels in the company balancing inventory availability, capacity, cost, and service level requirements.   Partner with technical teams in @Labs as well as non-technical cross-functional teams to conceptualize and execute visionary supply chain tools of the future developing innovative logic based on theoretical and practical thinking.   Develop item and shipping pricing optimization tool to maximize company revenue.   Position Description   A Staff Data Scientist is responsible for analyzing large data sets to develop multiple custom models and algorithms to drive innovative business solutions. Staff Data Scientists work on large project teams in order to provide analytical support and guidance to an assigned area on for large projects (for example, email targeting, business optimization, consumer recommendations) within Walmart eCommerce. Staff Data Scientists are responsible for building large data sets from multiple sources in order to build algorithms for predicting future data characteristics. Those algorithms will be tested, validated, and applied to large data sets. Staff Data Scientists are responsible for training the algorithms so they can be applied to future data sets and provide the appropriate search results. Staff Data Scientists are responsible for researching new trends in the industry and utilizing up-to-date technology (for example, HBase, MapReduce, LAPack, Gurobi) and analytical skills to support their assigned project. Staff Data Scientists are the subject matter experts for statistical analysis and modeling for their project team.   Build complex data sets from multiple data sources, both internally and externally.   Build learning systems to analyze and filter continuous data flows and offline data analysis.   Collaborate with cross-functional partners across the business.   Collaborate with project teams to implement data modeling solutions.   Combine data features to determine search models.   Conduct advanced statistical analysis to determine trends and significant data relationships.   Develop models of current state in order to determine improvements needed.   Develop multiple custom data models to drive innovative business solutions.   Drives the execution of multiple business plans and projects   Ensures business needs are being met   Interpret data to identify trends to go across future data sets.   Promotes and supports company policies, procedures, mission, values, and standards of ethics and integrity   Provides supervision and development opportunities for associates   Research new techniques and best practices within the industry.   Scale new algorithms to large data sets.   Train algorithms to apply models to new data sets.   Translate business needs into data requirements.   Utilize system tools including (MySQL, Hadoop, Weka, R, Matlab,ILog).   Validate models and algorithmic techniques.   Minimum Qualifications  5+ years post Master’s of experience in supply chain, logistics, retail, consulting or in a strategic, business analyst capacity   Demonstrated analytical and quantitative skills with the ability to build innovative complex models to illustrate various scenarios of supply chain flows to compare KPIs   Experience with statistical analysis, multi-variant testing strategies and concepts, regression modeling and forecasting, time series analysis, data mining, financial analysis, economic order quantity modeling, game theory and customer/product segmentation.   Experience with optimization techniques such as linear and mixed integer programming   Expert in MS-Excel, MS-Access, VBA, and SQL   Works effectively both independently and as a member of a cross functional team   Proficient in MS-PowerPoint and comfortable building presentations to tell a clear story   Capacity to communicate complex concepts in easy-to-understand terminology   Effective communication skills at multiple levels of the organization, including management and cross-functional groups   Strong follow-through skills and acute attention to detail   Ability to champion ideas and influence the organization in order to ensure ideas are executed   Additional Preferred Qualifications   MBA or Master’s in quantitative discipline   PhD a plus   Six Sigma certified   Experience with network modeling tools (e.g. Llamasoft, CAPS, IBM Logic Net Plus), network optimization and long range planning is a plus   Understanding of retail and e-commerce industry    Req ID:  620497BR