In brief…

KBS seeks a Strategist to support campaign analytics for one of our most prominent clients, an elite global finance firm.

You…

Are kind.

Are a bright mind that continuously hungers to learn.

Are endlessly curious, are relentlessly questioning, and get geeked up on solving real-world puzzles.

Have an analytical mind-set, but also a creative side that makes your thinking more prolific.

Are a motivated self-starter, with the smarts to absorb and apply new material rapidly.

Are kind. Yep, it’s important enough to mention twice.

We…

Are fully-integrated, award-winning marketing agency.

Have the beating heart of a startup boutique and the exoskeleton of a global creative network.

Make marketing inventions that transform brands and businesses.

Are “inspired by tough”—we defy the notion that there are any business challenges out there that our brains and ingenuity can’t crack.

Are strategic in everything we do—which we do not mistake for just being clever, or unique, or tactically brilliant (although we are those things, too). We think big and plan for sustainable, long-term wins.

A Strategist in Data & Analytics…

Collaborates with an integrated team of agency specialists—including brand strategy, content & social, creative, account services and media planning—to create campaigns that drive real business impact.

Aids in the optimization of marketing campaigns and testing programs through the synthesis and analysis of data, inferring strategic findings that are documented in campaign reports and test readouts.

Is a killer investigator, who never stops at the surface; who explores hypotheses by digging deep, interrogating the data to uncover patterns, anomalies and underlying factors.

Is detail-oriented and rigorous in execution. Puts in the time to qualify, validate and Q/A the work behind each and every conclusion.

Is a storyteller at heart, who can take the insights and implications found in the data and relate them through cohesive narratives supported by concise graphics and data visualizations.

A note on culture…

It matters. Though we tend to look for culture-add, not just cultural-fit. From day one, every strategist is expected to influence and evolve our culture, not simply fit into it. Our work is a product of our people, so our culture is one thing we take seriously.

Some details…

Our Strategists tend to have 2-3 years of relevant experience.

A four-year degree in is required, preferably with some coursework in relevant subjects such as business, marketing, engineering, economics, quantitative science, or related fields.

This role is based in NY, as is the client’s office—travel is not required.

At KBS everyone (including the CEO) is hands-on with client work—we expect doers as well as thinkers.

------------------------------

About KBS Data & Analytics:

Data & Analytics (D&A) is a designated specialism within the KBS Strategy Group, which also includes Brand Strategy, Content & Social and CRM.

D&A’s primary role is to provide insight and advice to both the agency’s clients and to its integrated functional teams, with the aim of advancing the client’s strategic marketing goals, increasing the economic value generated from agency work, and driving measurable growth for the client’s business overall.

We deliver this service through our five distinctive core competencies:

Business and marketing strategy
Hypothesis-driven data analysis
Campaign measurement and optimization
Marketing R&D / experimentation
Data science & quantitative modeling
Our D&A staffers work seamlessly with integrated cross-functional teams from across KBS and the client organization, to provide thought leadership and data-driven insight at all stages of campaign planning and execution. Our broad range of expertise and experience allows us to continually “ladder up” to a comprehensive, strategic focus for a given campaign or program, but also to dive in at the tactical level to dissect and diagnose challenges, extract meaningful stories from complex data sets and offer recommendations that fuel continuous improvement and drive maximum impact.

We’re an insanely curious and highly motivated bunch of business wonks, who love the intellectual challenge of tackling and solving some of our clients most complex marketing problems.

 