Title	Research Data Coordinator
Department	Medicine-Adolescent
Job Posting Description	At Boston Children’s Hospital, success is measured in patients treated, parents comforted and teams taught. It’s in discoveries made, processes perfected, and technology advanced. In major medical breakthroughs and small acts of kindness. And in colleagues who have your back and patients who have your heart. As a teaching hospital of Harvard Medical School, our reach is global and our impact is profound. Join our acclaimed Division of Adolescent Medicine and discover how your talents can change lives. Yours included.
 
This Research Data Coordinator will be responsible for:
Coordinating the data flow for one or more clinical research studies including clinical trials.
Establishing and following procedures for effectively gathering and entering data, and hard copy and electronic file management for clinical research data.
Performing database searches and assisting with reports as requested by Program personnel; completing administrative duties as assigned.
 
To qualify, you must have…
A Bachelor's degree in the health sciences, mathematics or related field.
Basic knowledge of medical, mathematical and technical principles.
Knowledge of basic data management software (e.g. SPSS, MS, Excel). 
Critical attention to detail and accuracy

Boston Children’s Hospital offers competitive compensation and unmatched benefits, affordable health, vision and dental insurance, generous levels of time off, 403(b) Retirement Savings plan, Pension, Tuition Reimbursement, cell phone plan discounts and discounted rates on T-passes (50% off). Discover your best.
 

Boston Children’s Hospital is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action Employer. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their race, color, religion, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status or disability.
Status	Full Time
Standard Hours per Week	40
AutoReqId	39239BR