TITLE	
Data Coordinator 
DESCRIPTION	
As our Data Coordinator you will: 

Monitor product information helpdesk tickets daily.  Address the reported issue and follow through to completion.
Proactively seek ways to improve the quality and accuracy of product data. Create and implement data exception reports. Work with internal resources to resolve any data issues that appear on exception reports. 
Become the company product data authority. Understand and explain part and configurator setups and the impacts the data has throughout the various departments. 
 

Who is Anova?

             Anova is a family owned company started by Bill Gilbert in the 1970’s and run by his son Eric today.  For more than 40 years we have been an innovator in the site furnishings industry.  We introduced aggregate panels in the 1970s, we patented coating technologies in the 1990’s, and in the 21st century we continue to push the envelope on total value, from design to manufacturing.

 

Why choose Anova?

Friendly atmosphere – business casual / jeans dress code, family friendly events, office celebrations, etc.
Open door policy throughout – have a question for the CEO, walk in and ask.
Get to work with all departments – collaborative work environment
Great place to learn – have a question, ask anyone
Innovative Environment – If there is a better way to do it, make the change.
We are open about our mistakes – it is the only way to learn and grow.
Flexible 40 hour work week
Competitive salary, paid holidays, profit sharing.
Standard Benefits – medical, dental, vision, life insurance, 401K matching.
Additional Benefits - Education assistance, gym reimbursement, use of company condo, scholarship program
 

 
POSITION REQUIREMENTS	
What we require:

Honesty and Integrity
Respectful – We treat others well.
Flexibility – The world is constantly changing, so must we.
Teamwork – Success in this position cannot be achieved alone. 
Enthusiasm – We approach each day excited about the ability to do more.
High School Diploma or GED
 
FULL-TIME/PART-TIME	Full-Time	 