Urban Science is a business-solutions company focused on supporting the needs of the sales and marketing function of the automotive industry. We leverage a scientific methodology to help our client partners sell more vehicles, improve profitability and increase customer loyalty.  And we do that by helping solve their toughest challenges including planning an optimal dealership network, improving individual dealer performance and efficiently converting sales leads into sales. In short, we guide business through science—and we’ve been doing this since 1977.
 
This person will support the delivery of client services.   This person will use technical skills to execute high quality data-related projects and assignments with a high degree of accuracy and in a timely manner.
Essential Duties and Responsibilities:

With manager guidance, plans, organizes, develops and delivers client-requested reports, deliverables and projects on time, adhering to client requested specifications.
Designs, creates and manages client databases, utilizing Urban Science proprietary software, ensuring accurate and high quality data.
Accurately performs application coding and testing functions associated with the development of custom client software.
Tracks, processes, analyzes and verifies data in order to improve accuracy and quality.
Use technical skills to accurately monitor, update and maintain Urban Science internal software systems.
Adheres to quality control standards for Urban Science and client organizations.
Coordinates with individuals or teams to complete analyses, tasks and projects on time and with high quality.
Effectively responds to client inquiries/requests in a timely manner to help improve client satisfaction.
Proactively communicates with management to provide updates and report issues in a timely manner.
Actively works with manager to understand and implement solutions to improve NPS (client satisfaction).
Actively supports and participates in required Urban Science training programs to achieve targeted development objectives.
Works with manager in completing own annual goal setting and performance review in a timely manner.
Works with manager to prioritize other duties as assigned.
Qualifications - Education and Experience:

To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily.  The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, ability and/or competency needed for successful performance in the role.  Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
 
Verbal Communication:  Requires the ability to compose and verbally deliver information of varying levels, using appropriate grammar, tone, inflection and non-verbal cues, while also listening to and correctly deciphering verbal communication delivered by others
Written Communication:  Requires the ability and capacity to communicate ideas, facts and data in writing using appropriate grammar, syntax and sentence structure
Analytical Thinking:  Requires the ability to understand a situation by breaking it apart into smaller pieces, and/or tracing the implications of a situation in a step-by-step causal way
Results Oriented:  Requires the ability to strive for optimal results by taking responsibility for timeliness, commitment to task and adherence to performance standards
Ethics & Integrity:  Requires the ability to behave in a trustworthy & transparent manner
Teamwork & Cooperation:  Requires the ability to work cooperatively with others and be part of a team
Self-Control:  Requires the ability to keep emotions under control and to restrain from negative actions or behaviors
Math & Statistics: Requires knowledge of basic descriptive statistics and ability to execute simple statistical analyses, create scatter plots, bar charts and histograms; requires ability to  apply the right mathematical methods or formulas to solve a problem
MS Office: Requires demonstrated knowledge of MS Excel for charting and graphing of data, writing formulas, utilizing functions, and filtering, sorting and formatting of data; intermediate knowledge of MS Word, PowerPoint, and Access is preferred
Database: Working knowledge of relational database concepts, which require gathering and manipulating data manually is preferred; knowledge and experience with SQL is preferred
 
EDUCATION and/or EXPERIENCE:
University degree required; technical degrees are strongly preferred (i.e., engineering, applied math, statistics, applied science, information systems, operations research, etc.) from an accredited college or university, or equivalent foreign institution.  Non-technical degrees will be considered if candidate possesses appropriate level of analytical and technical knowledge required for the role
 
CERTIFICATES, LICENSES, REGISTRATIONS:
Progress towards:
Apprentice level certification for one practice area
Project Management Ambassador
Urban Science Ambassador
Statistics 1 & Basic Statistics Assessment (or external equivalent)
Intro to Operations Research (or external equivalent)
 
WORK ENVIRONMENT 
The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions.
 