Description
At Lynda.com, a LinkedIn company, the Staff Author, Data Science & Business Analytics creates effective and engaging online training content for beginner, intermediate, and advanced practitioners of data science and/or business analytics. This position requires a deep understanding and working knowledge of data science and business analytics best practices, as well as a passion for teaching others and being a thought-leader in the data science and business analytics fields. The ideal candidate must be a self-starter who thrives in a fast-paced environment, has enviable communication and collaboration skills, and has the drive to continually innovate and improve teaching methods.


About LinkedIn

LinkedIn was built to help professionals achieve more in their careers, and every day millions of people use our products to make connections, discover opportunities and gain insights. Our global reach means we get to make a direct impact on the world’s workforce in ways no other company can. We’re much more than a digital resume – we transform lives through innovative products and technology.

Searching for your dream job? At LinkedIn, we strive to help our employees find passion and purpose. Join us in changing the way the world works.


Responsibilities:


Research emerging and evolving DS/BA (data science/business analytics) technologies and instructional strategies that meet the needs of beginner-to-advanced DS/BA professionals.
Prepare and record educational courses on a variety of DS/BA tools, platforms, and technologies throughout the year.
Collaborate with other members of the Content team to develop the near- and long-term content roadmap for technology topic coverage in the lynda.com library.
Partner with Training Producers and others to propose and develop new and innovative approaches and learning resources that continually improve the quality and time-to-market of published content.
Evangelize lynda.com and the Online Training Library by communicating with the future and current lynda.com audience through blogs and social media channels; attend and present at industry conferences; develop and maintain relationships that support content growth.
Perform other duties as may be assigned.





Basic qualifications:


A minimum of 5 years experience teaching or mentoring in a variety of situations and formats (classroom, conferences, online, etc.).
Must have authored or actively in the authoring process with Lynda.com within the technology segment.
Must have experience successfully authoring video-based online educational; technology courses is preferred.

Preferred qualifications:


Demonstrated passion for and depth of knowledge of using technology to improve learner achievement and increase teaching effectiveness.
Ability to quickly research and learn new technologies and provide relevant training for DS/BA practitioners that incorporate technology instruction blended with teaching best practices.
Comfort and confidence on-camera and with the video medium.
Agility and ability to produce “quick release” video content on news pertinent to our audience while continuing to achieve steady progress on the long-term vision.
Demonstrated capacity to efficiently manage self, ideas, and projects.
Ability to simplify complex ideas and concepts.
Teaching style that encourages people to learn.
Insatiable desire and ability to learn and translate that learning into new courses.

* If you are not in the active authoring process with lynda.com and would like to be, please submit your intention to the Call for Trainers located at this link: http://www.lynda.com/aboutus/callfortrainers

