Facebook was built to help people connect and share, and over the last decade our tools have played a critical part in changing how people around the world communicate with one another. With over a billion people using the service and more than fifty offices around the globe, a career at Facebook offers countless ways to make an impact in a fast growing organization.
Facebook is looking for a people manager to join the Product Data Integrity team. Our team works directly with Product and Engineering to ensure we have high quality and accurate data to inform product direction. We’re looking for an experienced people manager who loves to coach and develop individuals aligned to their strengths and who will be an energetic, passionate and strategic voice on our Product Data Integrity leadership team. In this role you’ll oversee the specialists who support several different product teams and coach them to impact. 

The Product Data Integrity team supports a variety of products, all of which support major product initiatives by Facebook. Product Data Integrity specialists lead large contractor teams and drive improvements in our newsfeed and core products through data-driven analysis. In this capacity your team will partner and integrate closely with product teams to bring an operational mindset to product development. 

This is a multi-faceted, fast-paced job in a start-up environment so flexibility, a strong work ethic, and a good sense of humor are a must. This role is based in our headquarters in Menlo Park, California.
Responsibilities

Manage and coach your team of Product Data Integrity Specialists to have big results through career, skill and personal development
Become a trusted partner for our product and engineering teams understanding how your team can help contribute to driving our overall mission
Structured thinker who helps advance the strategy and execution of the Product Data Integrity team
Build empathy and passion for user experience and trust across the company
Requirements

1+ years of people management experience
4+ years of experience working in tech, consulting, or an operational capacity
2+ years of experience with product or consumer operations strongly preferred
Top notch coach and leader for your team
Excellent situational awareness and EQ
Strategic and visionary thinker
Analytical and metrics-based thinker
A proven ability to identify opportunities and define operational improvements
Exceptional communication and influencing skills
Empathy for the end-user experience and sentiment