Job Description
	
		
	
Job Title:

	
Sr Data Center Analyst - Data Center Operations - Gainesville
	
Job ID:
	
36279
	
Location:
Shands at the Univ of Florida


	
Department:

	
9105578161
Data Center Operations
	
Posted FTE:
1.00 = 40 Hours
	
Shift Hours:
	
8:00 AM TO 5:00 PM
	
Days of Week:
	
MON - FRI W/ON-CALL
	
Driver Status
Non Frequent Driver
	
Pay Plan:
	
SHE
	
Pay Grade:
	
15
	
Minimum Pay Rate-Hourly:

	
$28.220000
	
Midpoint Pay Rate-Hourly:
	
$37.225000
	

	
Apply Now
Email to Friend

	
Return to Previous Page
	

	
			
	
			
	
Job Opening Summary
	
Provides senior level support and system management of process scheduler, execution and verification, system monitoring and troubleshooting for applications and systems. Performs in-depth analysis of all production systems and initiates viable alternatives for improvement of operational processes and procedures. Lead and instructs team to manage the facilitation and completion of add/move/remove requests for equipment, electrical, heating/cooling and space management. Reviews, analyzes, and evaluates information technology systems, operation, and data center impact. Performs system backups, recovery, and DR planning and training. Provides advanced support for applicable systems and applications. Identifies, researches, and resolves advance technical problems. Responsible for the leadership and completion of short to long-term (4 weeks to two years) IT projects. Identifies implements and directly manages data center documentation creation, validation/accuracy, functionality, and compliance with documentation standards. Relies on experience and judgment to plan and accomplish critical and highly technical goals. Out of town travel is occasionally required, will require 24x7 on-call rotation, using a pager/cell phone.

	
Job Opening Qualifications
	
Minimum Education and Experience Requirements:
Associates degree and 3 years of experience or 5 years experience in a computer operations field within a multi-platform environment or in a related area. Formal training (CBT or classroom) and/or experience on major hardware/operating systems and networking technologies with preference given to Windows, and AIX/Linux/UNIX operating systems and servers. Must have project management experience to develop and manage complex projects involving 5-10 people. Knowledge of automated scheduling system concepts, tape management systems, disaster recovery methodologies and networking is required. Has advanced knowledge and understanding of commonly used concepts, practices, and procedures within a corporate data center. Familiar with Enterprise Class System topology designs; understanding of database, security, system interfaces, and printing methodologies with a mid to large scale IT system. Understanding of both the system technical and business flow; analyzes business impact, system and application intercommunications and dependencies, resulting in suggested business/technical flow improvements. Unix/Linux/AIX and Microsoft MCSE Certifications a plus.

Motor Vehicle Operator Designation:
None provided

Licensure/Certification/Registration:
None