Data Analyst
Job ID  2016-13899
Employment Type Regular Full-Time
Job Location US-NJ-Saddle River
Work Type On-Site, Local
Travel Amount  ..
Hours Per Week 40
Required Skills  ..
More information about this job:

Overview:

The Data Analyst is responsible for requesting, receiving and processing client data according to specifications of the business.  Prepares statistical reports, makes recommendations, and participates in the analysis and interpretation of data as appropriate.  Develops, maintains, and ensures quality control of databases and resultant reports, and may assist in the development and implementation of new processes and data reports.
 
Responsibilities:

Initiates client data requests and establishes a working relationship with the client to ensure timely receipt of complete and accurate data files.
Participates in and organizes conference calls to review and discuss data requests with individuals from all levels of the client’s organization
Receives client data files, validates data, and prepares data for conversion into SQL databases.
Provides appropriate parties with reports for update and review.  Identifies and informs relevant parties of potential data issues that may be critical to the integrity of the subsequent data reports.  Initiates appropriate follow up with client as necessary.
Generates standard statistical and analytical reports for consultants and clients.  Performs initial and final quality control assessment of reports prior to distribution.
 Generates ad hoc custom statistical and analytical reports as requested by consultants or clients, using Microsoft Access and SQL.  Performs initial and final quality control assessment of reports prior to distribution.
Performs other miscellaneous job-related duties as assigned.
Qualifications:

BA/BS in business, technology or related concentration
Minimum 1-3 years experience in healthcare operations or accounting/financial practices
AAHAM (American Association of Healthcare Administrative Management) Certification preferred.
Ability to work with customer support/client issue resolution management
Excellent oral and written communication skills
Demonstrated ability to work in a team environment that requires quick turnaround and quality output.
Solid knowledge of all MS Office Products or SQL required
The combined MedAssets-Precyse enterprise is the leader in providing end-to-end revenue cycle services, technology and education solutions. We are ideally positioned to offer extensive capabilities to improve organizations’ operational health, grow business and ultimately improve the quality of healthcare.
 
Equal Opportunity Employer EOE M/F/D/V