Market Data Analyst - Derivatives - San Jose Calif

Apply for this job
Send to a friend
Employer:
Emponics Limited
Reference:
JS-MARKETDATASJ
Location:
San Jose, California
Sector:
Unspecified
Job Type:
Permanent
Salary:
$55k to $80k (per annum)
Data Analyst (Financial/banking/data vendor) 

We are looking for a number of Market Data Analysts to join our clients Managed Services Business Process Outsourcing team dealing with leading banking clients in San Jose, California. Ideally you will have solid fundamentals in derivatives and/or are progressing towards CFA. SQL, R or Excel is a bonus

Background in reference data, derivatives, managed services, outsourced data management, Operations, data onboarding or client onboarding an advantage .

The Managed Services team is responsible for daily data maintenance of client data, currently for Listed Derivatives (LD), Equities, Index, ETF's. Analysts on this team work in an operations function and research daily corporate actions on Listed Derivatives, Equities, Index, ETF's, Validating all the attributes of instruments on MS platform. Daily interactions with the client come through email and phone calls. Services are performed in an access-restricted environment.

Source, maintain and analyze reference and price data
Collaborate with technology departments to develop, enhance, and deliver reliable solutions and platforms
Provide knowledge and information on data models and structures for financial instruments
Determine and acquire data appropriate to the end users' specifications
Coordination and collaboration required with colleagues and clients located throughout the world
SLA Management
Vendor Management
Knowledge, Skills & Experience:

Familiarity with market data vendors, products, and services
Derivatives
Knowledge of a range of financial products and asset types including: options, futures, indexes, ETFs, Fixed Income
Experience with collecting information from multiple sources and attention to detail
Ability to work effectively with a time-sensitive and demanding user community
Client Focus, Priority Setting, Integrity and Trust
Strong interpersonal and relationship management skills
Strong oral and written communication skills
Proficiency in foreign languages preferred
Qualifications:

BA/BS, preferably in Business, Economics, Finance, Computer Science or Engineering
Competencies: 
Client is a leading financial software solutions company. In this position you will be part of a global operations team that provides support, maintenance, and research for clients. You will need to research data issues, discrepancies, and resolve daily quality control reports. You will interact and build relationships with clients and data vendors, ensuring timely and accurate delivery of market data information. You must be an excellent communicator in English able to liaise with colleagues and clients in locations both within the US and in Europe and India so a clear concise communication skill set is essential.

