Integrity Applications Incorporated (IAI) is a software and system engineering company headquartered in Chantilly, Virginia with offices Nationwide. IAI has been selected as one of the best companies to work for in America by The Great Place to Work Institute and as one of the top employers in the DC Metro area by the Washingtonian Magazine. We are always looking for bright, innovative and talented people to join our team of highly skilled professionals. IAI offers challenging work, competitive salaries, an incentive bonus program and top notch health and welfare benefits for you and your family.   IAI has opportunities for motivated systems engineers, systems integrators, and intelligence data scientist/analyst with IC and DoD experience. A strong candidate will demonstrate understanding of the intelligence community, the intelligence cycle, Activity Based Intelligence (ABI), and the handling, preparation and analysis of data and information (Big Data) in support of customers as well as to define future systems and capabilities.    Specific Tasks Include:  Embedded customer support within offices focused on strategic and/or tactical intelligence questions.   Identification of data sources and information to support customer Key Intelligence Questions (KIQ).   Design of analytic solutions to customer KIQ.   Triage and data conditioning.   Training of customer analyst in ABI and Structured Observation methods and practices.   Generation of draft reports, analysis papers, and assessments.   Assessment of technology (tools and services) in the context of the intelligence and DoD community needs.   Needs and requirements analysis, capture of user stories, and acceptance criteria (test cases)    Required Qualifications:  Strong conceptual, analytical and problem solving skills with the ability to work both independently and as an effective member of a team.   Demonstrated understanding of the geospatial intelligence mission, to include ABI and Structured Observations, and their value to the IC   An understanding of the process of design and development of intelligence tools and services (software)   Knowledgeable of current technologies related to ABI and structured observation, multi-INT data sources and analysis.   Bachelor’s Degree. Prefer computer science, engineering, statistics or related technical area.   10 years experience   Excellent communication skills in writing, oral, and presentations and in the use of standard office systems and software produce such as those found Microsoft Office   Demonstrated ability to work independently and in a team environment on a number of simultaneous issues in support of NGA objectives    Security Requirements:  Must currently hold a TS/SCI security clearance. CI Poly preferred   Integrity Applications Incorporated is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status or any other factor protected by law.