Field Staff Data Collector - Rhode Island 2016	?  Help
Please fill in the information below and use the navigational buttons to continue.

Warning: Using your browser's Back and Forward buttons may produce undesirable results.

Overview of Position
Data collectors will work independently with oversight from Child Trends full-time staff on an evaluation of BrightStars, Rhode Island’s child care Quality Rating and Improvement System.  This will involve visiting child care programs across Rhode Island and collecting data from preschool classrooms during the 2015-2016 school year.
Duration: April 14th through June 17th
Intensity: 20-25 hours per week, depending on availability of fieldwork
Location: Child care programs throughout Rhode Island
Pay: Begins at $18 per hour but will vary based on experience. Mileage will be reimbursed at $0.54 per mile
Job Specifications
Attend training on a classroom observational measure (the CLASS Toddler) and pass a certification test to ensure accurate use of the rubric.
Effectively communicate with directors, teachers, and possibly parents, regarding project specifics.
Travel to child care programs 3-4 days/week throughout Rhode Island to conduct classroom observations.
Effectively manage logistics including scheduling visits, preparing materials correctly, and regularly mailing materials to Child Trends.
Actively participate in weekly phone meetings, sharing fielding experiences, asking questions, and hearing about project updates.
Enter quantitative data accurately into a data system and follow a set of data security procedures.
Qualifications
Experience working with young children in an early childhood setting is preferred.
Strong organizational, planning, and communication skills; attention to detail; flexibility; and punctuality
Ability to understand and follow protocols, especially when working with children and with sensitive data
Ability to distinguish between situations that can be resolved independently versus those that require immediate input from a supervisor
A commitment of at least 4 days/week during fielding months
B.A./B.S. with some coursework in early care and education or equivalent experience
Must have access to reliable internet, cell phone, and transportation for travel around Rhode Island
All offers of employment are contingent upon successful completion of a background check
Experience with data collection strongly preferred
