Compliance Coordinator
Tracking Code
20124174
Job Description
Job Summary
Ensure all product Quality Standards are met.
Ensures that all documentation related to product safety, legality, and quality systems is maintained in compliance, with government, customer, and third-party requirements.
Maintains records of product quality for regulatory and company use.
Promotes and supports company continuous improvement efforts and initiatives.
Ensures that employees adhere to Plant and Government regulations with emphasis on safety, sanitation, and quality.
Responsible for establishing priorities and work independently without direct supervision.
Follow BRC (British Retail Consortium) guidelines
Understand and follow hazard analysis and critical control points, (HACCP) and good manufacturing practices (GMP).
Required Skills
Accountability description
Review, verify, file and maintain records relating to product safety, legality, and quality systems.
Become knowledgeable in the requirements of third-party auditors such as AIB, BRC, Silliker, FDA, and USDA.
Ensure compliance to specifications from Aryzta corporate and those mandated by customers.
Conducts audits of procedures used in all areas of the plant and issuing a completed report with corrective actions to relevant managers and supervisors.
Maintain schedule calendars to stay on track with QA task calendar and training.
Conduct follow-up with Managers to ensure that corrective actions to deviations are being completed in a timely manner.
Data entry of records related to product safety, legality, and quality systems.
Manage the plant’s training program by coordinating the schedule, maintaining all records and databases.
Keeps informational paperwork current including Kosher certificates, supplier letters of continuing guarantee, supplier lot code verification and supplier food defense compliance letters. This will require phone, letter, and/or email correspondence with various companies using good customer service skills.
Write and maintain internal Quality Manual, BRC, Silliker, FDA, USDA, Department of Agriculture, including all pertinent documentation filed within.
Assist with various data collection projects.
Assist QA Manager with traceability exercises.
Verify product formula compliance
Manage and control the document control program
Cross train in other Quality Department disciplines to be able to assist with coverage of call offs and vacation in other positions.
Overtime hours will be required based on work demand.
Other duties as assigned or required.
Physical Requirements, Working Conditions
Standing / Walking/Climbing
 
         These functions require the employee to be standing or walking 100% of the time.
Lifting / Carrying / Twisting / Bending / StoopingFrequently pushing pulling 5lbs or more
         The employee is expected to frequently twist, bend, and stoop when preforming work tasks. Frequently carry or lift 30 pounds or more.
Pushing/Pulling
 
        Frequently pushing pulling 5lbs or more
Handling / Fingering / Feeling
 
        The employee must be able to access, enter, and retrieve data using a computer terminal and retrieve information from the production records.
Seeing / Speaking / Hearing
 
        This position requires an employee to have adequate communicating and observational skills. These requirements are also for the safety of
        the employee and the co-workers. These requirements are also necessary for counting activities, collecting, distributing information.
Head / Neck Movement
        Frequent flexing, extending and turning the neck is required
Cold, Wet, Dusty, Slippery, High arrears
         The employee must be able to work in cold, wet, dusty, slippery area for long periods of time.
Weekends, Holidays and Overtime as required.
 
 
 
Required Experience
1st Shift
Job Location
Hazleton, Pennsylvania, United States
Position Type
Full-Time/Regular
