Data Analyst
Requisition ID  2016-27966
Job Locations USA-NY-NEW YORK
Job Function  Data/Content
Business Area STRATEGY
Job Area1  Research & Data Science
Job Area2 ..
More information about this job:

Job Description:

Who is my manager?
Customer Knowledge, Insights and Analytics Director
 
What are my accountabilities?
Front line analytical support for WSJ, Barron’s, Market Watch, and other DJ business units.
Responding to daily requests from around the business, ensuring they are responded to
accurately and timely.
To be a pro-active evangelist of data through the business, putting data at the heart of all
decision making.
 
What do you need from me?
Bachelors degree with some coursework in data/analytics, statistics or other quantitative
subject
Experience in data analysis and problem solving
Knowledge of relational databases and methods for efficient data retrieval
Basic fluency in SQL or knowledge of relational databases and methods for efficiently
retrieving data
Tableau experience a plus
Experience with web analytics tools, particularly Omniture and Google Analytics
A desire to build a career within a data driven business
A passion for putting data at the heart of the business and an ability to communicate this
business wide
Strong interpersonal skills
Ability to work in an often demanding media business environment to tight deadlines
*LI-JA1
Company Overview:

Dow Jones is a global provider of news and business information, delivering content to consumers and organizations around the world across multiple formats, including print, digital, mobile and live events. Dow Jones has produced unrivaled quality content for more than 125 years and today has one of the world’s largest news gathering operations globally. It produces leading publications and products including the flagship Wall Street Journal, America’s largest newspaper by paid circulation; Factiva, Barron’s, MarketWatch, Financial News, DJX, Dow Jones Risk & Compliance, Dow Jones Newswires, and Dow Jones VentureSource.
Equal Opportunity Employer:

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status. EEO/AA/M/F/Disabled/Vets