Position Description  SRC, Inc. is currently looking for a data scientist intern to work out of their headquarters office in Syracuse, N.Y. As an intern, you will tasked developing concepts and algorithms for our Advanced Analytics group. The ability to extract knowledge from big data terabytes and be able effectively communicate your findings to a variety of audiences will also be skill we will help you develop. In addition, you will collaborate with other data scientists, software engineers, researchers in the DoD and industry, and subject matter experts in intelligence, radar, electronic warfare, and chemistry/biology. As a member of our team, it is vital you are able to think outside the box and bring innovative and cutting-edge technology and techniques to the table on a daily basis. Your expertise at SRC in big data analytics will help develop the next generation of military, cyber and critical infrastructure defenses.   Responsibilities    Participate in predictive modeling and data mining   Participate in trend, pattern and statistical analysis   Participate in analysis of structured and unstructured data   Work independently and collaboratively in a project team    Position Requirements    Be in a sophomore standing or above   Experience cleaning and manipulating data   Experience with implementing algorithms   Exceptional creative, critical thinking and problem solving skills   Excellent interpersonal and communication skills    Preferred Requirements    Experience using statistical analysis tools such as R and RapidMiner   Experience with analyzing large volumes of data   Experience with developing complex algorithms   Experience with machine learning and natural language processing    Security Requirements - Must be a U.S. citizen. Applicants selected will be subject to a government security investigation and must meet eligibility requirements for access to classified information.   Who We Are  Founded in 1957, SRC, Inc. (formerly Syracuse Research Corporation) is a mid-size, not-for-profit, research and development company. We specialize in the areas of defense, environment and intelligence. Our core capabilities include: chem-bio defense; communications systems; cybersecurity; electronic warfare; environmental health analysis; intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance; life cycle management, manufacturing; operational integration; and radars and sensors. We are a trusted advisor to many customers and have a reputation for redefining possible® through world-class, award-winning products and services that support our mission to help keep America safe and strong.   The SRC enterprise includes several companies focused on bringing game-changing technologies to the commercial and international markets in the areas of big data analytics, unmanned aircraft system detection, and chem-bio threat identification. These companies all leverage the long history of innovation that SRC is known for to provide customers with the best solutions for their most challenging problems. To learn more, visit visit www.srcinc.com/about/companies.   Why Join Us?  SRC, Inc. is a not-for-profit organization, without stockholders. We reinvest our earnings back into our company, thus improving the quality of our work, our people, and our programs. SRC is committed to providing a positive, supportive and healthy work environment. From your first day, your opinions will be valued, you will be challenged with exciting work, and you will have the flexibility to develop the best solutions for our customers. As a result, we have been named to numerous state (New York, Ohio, Texas and Virginia) and national “Best Company to Work For” lists.   In addition, you’ll receive a competitive salary and comprehensive benefits package. Highlights include: a minimum of three weeks of vacation (accrual begins on day one); 10 sick days per year; 10 percent automatic contribution to your retirement; an exceptional, low-cost health care plan with Excellus BlueCross BlueShield; and 100 percent tuition support for up to 18 credit hours per year.   To learn more about us, visit www.srcinc.com.   As an EEO/AA employer, the Company does not discriminate in its employment practices due to an applicant or employee’s race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity, age, national origin, veteran or disability status, or any other basis protected by federal law. In addition, the Company complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the Company has facilities and employees    Building Location:  Building 1