Introduction:  The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory (APL), a national leader in scientific research and development, located midway between Baltimore and Washington, DC is seeking an experienced Data Science/Engineering professional to analyze and evaluate maritime based data for operations and platform vulnerability analysis.    Job Summary:  Provide expertise and leadership to conduct operations and threat analysis for several projects in the Undersea Warfare and Maritime domains.    Duties :  Conduct or lead the analysis of diverse operations data relevant to the maritime or undersea domain to create knowledge about threat behaviors and assess vulnerabilities for both US and adversary platforms. (40%)  Develop and/or enhance analytic tools to advance the state of the art in operations and threat analysis employing techniques such as parametric and non-parametric statistics, application of physics based simulations with new or novel models, optimization methods, data mining, or predictive analytics. (25%)  Develop analysis plans, lead inter/intra organizational teams, conduct analyses, interpret results and develop recommendations for improving threat detection and classification or reducing vulnerability of detection. (15%)  Interface with sponsors and other partner organizations in regard to ongoing and potential projects. Act as technical advisor for project and program management at APL. (10%)  Document results in written reports and briefings for both sponsor and analyst audiences. (10%) Note: This job summary and listing of duties is for the purpose of describing the position and its essential functions at time of hire and may change over time.    Required Qualifications:  M.S. degree in Data Science, Engineering, Physics, Applied Mathematics, Operations Research, Statistics or other relevant technical discipline. Seven or more years of experience in exploratory data analytics applied to the military ISR or operations domains with a computational focus to reveal information in structured and unstructured datasets and applied proficiency with MATLAB, geospatial and visual analytic tools. Demonstrated analytical and operational problem solving skills. Self-motivated team player with a proven ability to lead small teams. Excellent written and verbal communication skills.    Desired Qualifications:  PhD degree with ten or more years experience in leading/performing quantitative analyses. Demonstrated ability to discover features and patterns in data that identifies the characteristics and behaviors of systems or objects. Experience in the maritime domain. Computer programming experience in C/C++, SQL, Java or equivalent.    Security:  Top Secret Clearance is required. Applicants selected will be subject to a Government security investigation and must meet the eligibility requirements for access to classified information up to the Top Secret level. Eligibility requirements include US citizenship.    Benefits:  APL offers a comprehensive benefits package including a liberal vacation plan, a matching retirement program, significant educational assistance, a scholarship tuition program for staff with dependents, and competitive salaries commensurate with skills and experience. For more information about our organization, please visit our web site at www.jhuapl.edu.    Equal Employment Opportunity:  Johns Hopkins University/Applied Physics Laboratory (APL) is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer that complies with Title IX of the Education Amendments Acts of 1972, as well as other applicable laws. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or protected Veteran status.    Additional Information:   Travel Percentage:  5%